SPECIFIC QUESTION RELATED TO TEAMS:
 - SEARCH TEAM IN AMAZON
    Q : 
    





 - INTERNATIONAL TECHNOLOGY TEAM 
    Q : 






Q.  Tell me about a time when you were faced with a problem that had a number of possible solutions.What was the problem and how did 
    you determine the course of action? What was the outcome of that choice?
Ans- related to me: 
    Sit.    : It was my final year in college and i was still struggling what to do next. I did my majors in chemical Engineering
              I have number of solutions to opt for like go for masters, or mba or go for a job or to go to abroad and settle. 
    Task    : To think what should i want to do with which i can spend my whole life with and when see backwards i 'll have no regrets
    Action  : Above all choices i decide i want to becomoe Software Engineer because when i look back i always been fascinated with
              Software engineering, like i can talk all day with my cse friends about cs topics, projects and i realise this is what 
              i want to do
    Result  : Even today i feel that was the best decision of my life. Because i am happy doing this.
          
    related to industry:
     


STAR
Q. When did you take a risk, make a mistake, or fail? How did you respond, and how did you grow from that experience?
Ans- S: we created resume portal, and we thought of scaling it to the all departments, then to the college level'
     T:
     A: we never started that but we did not take this thing seriously and eventually one year later a company already eastablished
        came into college for offering the same servide we provide 
        and here we lost because of procastinating things, we lost a chance to scale our own website
           
           
           


Q-  Describe a time you took the lead on a project.
Ans- There were times in a team during our project when i was struggling on some part other solved my issue and sometimes other members
     got stuck in something and i helped them and lead the solution
     In particular till now with team work we solved each other issues.
     
Q-  What did you do when you needed to motivate a group of individuals or promote collaboration on a particular project?
Ans S:  Its happened to me during SAP project, we were group of 4 people from 4 different state, we just do work and some formal 
        talk and then leave for the day. 
    T:  I realised that we should know each other more as this will increase thier involvement and performance and they will happily 
        come to do their work and leave at the end of the day    
    A:  so twice in a day i just try to learn more about them and always try to start conversation which involves everyone.
    R:  And with in a week i realised we are moving forward rapidly together
 
Q:  How have you leveraged data to develop a strategy?
Ans    I realised the power of data little late, but eventually i do.
    S: I want to mention that apart from my job i also have my own you tube channel where i play some famous somgs of Indian and some
       hollywood songs in fingerstyle guitar and giving a lesson for my covers also.
    T: Task was how to select next song to upload on You Tube
    A: I take decision about which song should i cover next, based on available data like searching volume, how popular song is,
       experimenting on searching.
       in addition to that , i also used google analytics where i store my audience data 
    R: Based on that i have achieved success and failure both on some videos but at the end its just a lesson, its not you can totally
       guess, but it can increase the chances 
    
    apart from that when i realised the value of data, i also used it for my personal transactions like following, like on 
    this i am still working but here what i proposed for my results
    S: situation was to know about my 
    T:
    A:
    R:
    , i used to store the value of my money spendings like how much did i spent on
    eatings, on myself, on vehicle petrol and all these types of things and see which thing should i do it in more efficient and
    with less money.
    So for e.g. i noticed that i spend a lot of money on unnecessary things, 
    i categorise things and take an action according to the need only.
