Tell me a bit about your professional experience in 2-3 minutes ?
- After completed my bachelors in checmical engineering, I joined my current organisation.
- My first 5 months are spent in training, on which i learned fundamentals of programming
  and after completing fundamentals, i completed stream training which was based on specific technology i.e. SAP.
- In my current project we are migrating a web application for a US client.
- Previously it was built on struts, JSP. We are migrating it to spring boot and Angular.
- We, a team of 3 members are responsible for creating plus migrating backend services for this webapp 
- This webapp is based on Insurance schemes of which end users are federal employees.
  
  
Tell me about yourself ?
- I am Muninder. I had completed my bachelors in checmical engg from NIT Jalandhar.
  I love to play basketball. I also like to play guitar. I also having a you tube channel with the name
  singh plays strings which is having more than 50,000 views right now.
  
  In my final year I have conciously decided to become a software developement engineer. (Why?)
  Because I love to write code. Also because my friend circle was from Computer science stream, me and my friends were talk 
  about how to create things with programming. The decision point was when I get to know that my friend had made a custom NLP system 
  and when i thought we can do this as well wtih programming i was amazed and decided this is what i want to be.
  
  So i joined an IT company which also gives training on joining. and after completing my training i was allocated 
  to the project for a us client.

Why Amazon ?
  From my past experiences, I have learned that if you want to be best you have to learn from the best. Amazon is not
  only the giant in tech but its success rooted in customer obsession.
  I want to be a great software engineer someday and amazon will gives me the right platform not only to learn only tech but
  customer satisfaction as well as it is the most customer centric company of the world.
  
What is your daily activity in your curent organisation ?
  I came at around 9-10.
  Check mails
  prioritize the the tasks in the mail
  usually we have sprint tasks and we need to update those tasks with sending request and response.
  I start to work i.e. completing the tasks or resume from where we left yesterday.
  going to lunch at 1:00
  1:30 - 2:00 we are gone for a walk
  then came back, again start the work
  we make the services, we test it.
  once a week we have a knowledge transfer for our project which includes bussiness functionality of the webapp.
  and sometimes i play table tennis at around 6 pm

  its not a regular activity, it depends upon the work, sometimes we are too busy sometimes we are free
  our tech leads assigns tasks to us and we try to complete in the given time.
  
  
What is your dream job ?
  I wish to be in a job where i need to improve continuously on my skill set, where i can get skilled mentors who will guide me through 
  the path whenever necessary.
  Also a job which is going to help users all over the world and can able to create big impact on their lives that would be ideal job
  for me.
