Why Amazon? 
    I find Amazon to be the most customer centric company of this planet. I mean it. I have been a customer for ages and 
    have always wondered how efficient and scalable your hardware and software systems are. I am sure it will be a huge 
    learning opportunity for me to be part of Amazon. I will actually be proud to contribute to its growth.
    
Why are you keen to join us?
    
    
Tell us about our product categories.

Explain the 4 basics of OOP.
    POLYMORPHISM
    ENCAPSULATION
    DATA ABSTRACTION
    INHERITANCE
Define data abstraction and its importance.
    Data Abstraction means hiding the implemetation part and show whts necessary, for e.g. like we have a dvd player, internally 
    there are lot of chips, etc is present, but outside they have shown just a few buttons to operate, means hiding the complexity 
    or internal implementation and show whats necessary to operate.
    Its important because we can change our implementation part without letting know the user and also for the purpose of secuirity
    we hide the implementation part so that no one knows from outside how we did that.
    
Prepare an object-oriented model design (for an elevator, parking lot or movie theatre).

Explain polymorphism.
    Poly means many and morph means forms, we usually use this to reduce redundancy in our code.for 
    e.g In python it can be achived as in function overriding.
    
Find 10 of Amazon’s top-selling products.
    If i have access to amazon database, it would be still quite time consuminng task as it has a lot of data.
    But i will make a max heap upto 10 elements and iterate over all the items.
    
What are the time and space complexity differences over iterating between arrays, hashes, binary trees, etc?
    
Code client-side javascript.
How would you find all HTML elements on a page by class?

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
GFG EXP:
  Question1: Introduce yourself
      
  Question2: Can you tell me about any scenario where you have taken an initiative in your previous jobs to do 
             something/ solve something that was not strictly required of you.
  Question3: Design a basic LRU cache using basic data structures.
  
  Questions asked :
  1. Tell me about yourself.
  2. What was your college project as well as what type of platforms used?
  3. What is TRIE?
  4. Write the function for insert and search for TRIE?
  5. DFS and BFS .
  6. How to get the shortest path from (0 , 0) to (r , c) in a rectangular grid in which some cells are blocked.
  
  Ques1. Find top 10 selling product given the count of sales of each product.
  Ques2. Design a valet parking lot with basic use-case of assigning ticket to customer and retrieving the car later. 
         Three sizes available. Use best fit and nearest distance.
  
  Telephonic interview:
  1. Given a string, display the words in reverse order
  I/p: I work at xyz
  O/p: xyz at work I

  2. Given a linked list modify the linked list as below
  I/p: a x b c y z
  O/p: a b c x y z

  3. What is virtual memory.

  4. If I am designing a media player and I want to store songs and play them in random order.
  a) what data structure will you use to store songs?
  b) how will select the next song to play in a way which prevents the same song being played in consecutive turn.



CUSTOMER OBSESSION: Walk us through a time when you helped a customer through a difficult process and what that looked like.
OWNERSHIP: Give me a example of when you took a risk and it failed.
INVENT AND SIMPLIFY: Tell me a time when you created an innovative product.
ARE RIGHT, A LOT: Tell me about a time when you observed two business opportunities to improve ROI, and how did you determine that they were connected.
LEARN AND BE CURIOUS: How do you find the time to stay inspired, acquire new knowledge, innovate in your work?
HIRE AND DEVELOP THE BEST: Tell me about a time when you had to deal with a poor performer on your team.
INSIST ON THE HIGHEST STANDARDS: Tell me about a time when you could have stopped working but persisted.
THINK BIG: Tell me about a time when you proposed a new business.
BIAS FOR ACTION: Describe how you would handle a busy situation where three people are waiting for help from you.
FRUGALITY: Tell me about a time where you thought of a clever new way to save money for the company.
EARN TRUST: Tell me a time when you earned trust of a group.
DIVE DEEP: Tell me about a time when you had to dive deep into the data and the results you achieved.
HAVE BACKBONE, DISAGREE AND COMMIT : Tell me about the most difficult interaction you had at work.
DELIVER RESULTS: Tell me about a time where you overcame an obstacle and delivered results.
